README.md, before:

# Booru
Python bindings for Booru imageboards

<a href="http://sinkaroid.github.io/booru"><img align="right" src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/952117487166705747/961124440400351232/mataa.png" width="390"></a>

- [Booru](#booru)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Features availability](#this-library-vs-the-competition)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Example](#example)
      - [search](#search)
      - [search_image](#search_image)
      - [find_tags](#find_tags)
  - [booru.resolve()](#booruresolve)
  - [Import specific booru client](#search)
  - [Testing cases](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions)
      - [The core](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions)
      - [Tags completion](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/find_tags.yml)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Legal](#legal)  

----

<div align="center">

<a href="https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/find_tags.yml"><img src="https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Tags completion/badge.svg"></a>
<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/sinkaroid/booru/maintainability"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c334d91994d1d84b8d7d/maintainability" /></a>

Python bindings for the imageboards.
It is takes a much more functionalities to interacts with ease, and featureful. Making your interaction significantly tidier, less of pain, and hopefully will be reusable.

<b>
<a href="https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contributing</a> •
<a href="https://sinkaroid.github.io/booru">Documentation</a> •
<a href="https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/issues/new/choose">Report Issues</a>
</b>
</div>

## Features
- Plenty of imageboards
- Search random & gacha object
- Tags block, resolved safety tags concerns
- Tags finder, tags & query completion
- Parses and returns the image only
- Documented and tested
- Easy to use, check your intelisense

## Usage
Async context, and it's recommended use [asyncio](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio.html) / https://sinkaroid.github.io/booru

### Prerequisites
<table>
	<td><b>NOTE:</b> Python 3.7 or above</td>
</table>

### Installation
`pip install booru`


## This library vs. the Competition

**Features availability** for this library 

| Booru                                       | Status                                                                                                                                                   | Random | Tags block | Tags finder     | Get images     | Gacha     |
| ------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ---------- | ----- | ----- | ----- | 
| [Gelbooru](https://gelbooru.com/)           | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Gelbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/gel.yml)            | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Danbooru](https://danbooru.donmai.us/)     | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Danbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/danbo.yml)  | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Rule34](https://rule34.xxx)                | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Rule34/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/r34.yml)        | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Realbooru](https://realbooru.com/)         | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Realbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/real.yml)       | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Tbib](https://tbib.org/)                   | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Tbib/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/tbib.yml)   | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Xbooru](https://xbooru.com/)               | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Xbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/xbo.yml)    | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Safebooru](https://safebooru.org/)         | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Safebooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/safe.yml)   | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Yandere](https://yande.re/)                | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Yandere/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/yande.yml)   | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Lolibooru](https://lolibooru.moe/)         | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Lolibooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/loli.yml)    | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Konachan](https://konachan.com/)           | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Konachan/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/kona.yml)    | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Konachan.net](https://konachan.net/)       | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/KonachanNet/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/konanet.yml) | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Hypnohub](https://hypnohub.net/)           | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Hypnohub/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/hypno.yml)  | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [E621](https://e621.net/)                   | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/E621/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/e6.yml)     | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [E926](https://e926.net/)                   | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/E926/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/e9.yml)     | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Derpibooru](https://derpibooru.org/)       | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Derpibooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/derpi.yml)   | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Furbooru](https://furbooru.org/)           | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Furbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/fur.yml)     | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [ATFbooru](https://booru.allthefallen.moe/) | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/ATFbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/atf.yml)    | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Behoimi](http://behoimi.org/)              | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Behoimi/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/behoi.yml)   | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Paheal](https://rule34.paheal.net/)        | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Paheal/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/paheal.yml)     | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 

## Example
### **search()**
Takes parameter `(query: str, block: str = "", limit: int = 100, page: int = 1, random: bool = True, gacha: bool = False)`
```py
import asyncio
import booru

async def main():
    dan = booru.Danbooru()
    res = await dan.search(query="cat_girl", block="futanari")
    print(res) ## this is <class 'str'>
    print(booru.resolve(res)) ## this is <class 'list'>

asyncio.run(main())
```  
- You will never gets content which contains futa tags.

You can also import specific booru client.
```py
from booru import Rule34
some_booru = Rule34()

## do with r34
```

### **search_image()**
Takes parameter `search_image(query: str, block: str = "", limit: int = 100, page: int = 1)`
```py
import asyncio
from booru import Rule34

async def main():
    r34 = Rule34()
    img = await r34.search_image(query="cat_girl", block="futanari")
    print(img)

asyncio.run(main())
```  
- This will parses image url only, instead object

### **find_tags()**
```py
import asyncio
from booru import Danbooru

async def main():
    dan = Danbooru()
    find_tags = await dan.find_tags("jeanne") ## arbitrary tags
    print(find_tags)

asyncio.run(main())
```
Returns
```js
[   
    "jeanne_d'arc_alter_(fate)",
    "jeanne_d'arc_(fate)",
    "jeanne_d'arc_(fate)+ai:jeanne_d'arc_(fate)%2C0%25",
    "jeanne_d'arc_alter_(avenger)_(fate)",
    "jeanne_d'arc_(ruler)_(fate)"
]
```
- No more sussy tags, use this for validating query in related imageboards. 
- Get the `get_proper_tags[0]` for the best predicts.

## booru.resolve()
You will need this for every object, this library designed to be neat and clean returns, although it must be reparsed to the string first, that's why `booru.resolve()` exist.

## Documentation
The documentation can be found https://sinkaroid.github.io/booru

## Legal
This tool can be freely copied, modified, altered, distributed without any attribution whatsoever. However, if you feel
like this tool deserves an attribution, mention it. It won't hurt anybody

Commit message:

fix: proper parameter for find_tags

README.md, after:

# Booru
Python bindings for Booru imageboards

<a href="http://sinkaroid.github.io/booru"><img align="right" src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/952117487166705747/961124440400351232/mataa.png" width="400"></a>

- [Booru](#booru)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Features availability](#this-library-vs-the-competition)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Example](#example)
      - [search](#search)
      - [search_image](#search_image)
      - [find_tags](#find_tags)
  - [booru.resolve()](#booruresolve)
  - [Import specific booru client](#search)
  - [Testing cases](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions)
      - [The core](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions)
      - [Tags completion](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/find_tags.yml)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Legal](#legal)  

----

<div align="center">

<a href="https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/find_tags.yml"><img src="https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Tags completion/badge.svg"></a>
<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/sinkaroid/booru/maintainability"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c334d91994d1d84b8d7d/maintainability" /></a>

Python bindings for the imageboards.
It is takes a much more functionalities to interacts with ease, and featureful. Making your interaction significantly tidier, less of pain, and hopefully will be reusable.

<b>
<a href="https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contributing</a> •
<a href="https://sinkaroid.github.io/booru">Documentation</a> •
<a href="https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/issues/new/choose">Report Issues</a>
</b>
</div>

## Features
- Plenty of imageboards
- Search random & gacha returns
- Tags block, resolved safety tags concerns
- Tags finder, tags & query completion
- Parses and returns the image only
- Documented and tested
- Easy to use, check your intelisense

## Usage
Async context, and it's recommended use [asyncio](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio.html) / https://sinkaroid.github.io/booru

### Prerequisites
<table>
	<td><b>NOTE:</b> Python 3.7 or above</td>
</table>

### Installation
`pip install booru`


## This library vs. the Competition

**Features availability** for this library 

| Booru                                       | Status                                                                                                                                                   | Random | Tags block | Tags finder     | Get images     | Gacha     |
| ------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ---------- | ----- | ----- | ----- | 
| [Gelbooru](https://gelbooru.com/)           | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Gelbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/gel.yml)            | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Danbooru](https://danbooru.donmai.us/)     | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Danbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/danbo.yml)  | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Rule34](https://rule34.xxx)                | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Rule34/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/r34.yml)        | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Realbooru](https://realbooru.com/)         | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Realbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/real.yml)       | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Tbib](https://tbib.org/)                   | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Tbib/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/tbib.yml)   | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Xbooru](https://xbooru.com/)               | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Xbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/xbo.yml)    | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Safebooru](https://safebooru.org/)         | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Safebooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/safe.yml)   | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Yandere](https://yande.re/)                | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Yandere/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/yande.yml)   | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Lolibooru](https://lolibooru.moe/)         | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Lolibooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/loli.yml)    | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Konachan](https://konachan.com/)           | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Konachan/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/kona.yml)    | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Konachan.net](https://konachan.net/)       | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/KonachanNet/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/konanet.yml) | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Hypnohub](https://hypnohub.net/)           | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Hypnohub/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/hypno.yml)  | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [E621](https://e621.net/)                   | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/E621/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/e6.yml)     | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [E926](https://e926.net/)                   | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/E926/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/e9.yml)     | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Derpibooru](https://derpibooru.org/)       | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Derpibooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/derpi.yml)   | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Furbooru](https://furbooru.org/)           | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Furbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/fur.yml)     | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [ATFbooru](https://booru.allthefallen.moe/) | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/ATFbooru/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/atf.yml)    | `Yes`      | `Yes`      | `Yes` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Behoimi](http://behoimi.org/)              | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Behoimi/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/behoi.yml)   | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 
| [Paheal](https://rule34.paheal.net/)        | [![status](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/workflows/Paheal/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sinkaroid/booru/actions/workflows/paheal.yml)     | `Yes`      | `No`      | `No` | `Yes` | `Yes` | 

## Example
### **search()**
Takes parameter `(query: str, block: str = "", limit: int = 100, page: int = 1, random: bool = True, gacha: bool = False)`
```py
import asyncio
import booru

async def main():
    dan = booru.Danbooru()
    res = await dan.search(query="cat_girl", block="futanari")
    print(res) ## this is <class 'str'>
    print(booru.resolve(res)) ## this is <class 'list'>

asyncio.run(main())
```  
- You will never gets content which contains futa tags.

You can also import specific booru client.
```py
from booru import Rule34
some_booru = Rule34()

## do with r34
```

### **search_image()**
Takes parameter `(query: str, block: str = "", limit: int = 100, page: int = 1)`
```py
import asyncio
from booru import Rule34

async def main():
    r34 = Rule34()
    img = await r34.search_image(query="cat_girl", block="futanari")
    print(img)

asyncio.run(main())
```  
- This will parses image url only, instead object

### **find_tags()**
You want to wildcard or query completion like the browser do?  
<center>
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1046495201176334467/1050354442966413352/rounded_corners_3.png" width="340px;" alt=""/><br />What browser looks like</td>
    <td align="center"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1046495201176334467/1050354442651836506/rounded_corners_4.png" width="340px;" alt=""/><br />This library also</td>

  </tr>
</table>
</center><br>

```py
import asyncio
from booru import Danbooru, resolve

async def main():
    dan = Danbooru()
    find_tags = await dan.find_tags("jeanne") ## arbitrary tags
    wildcard = resolve(find_tags)
    print(wildcard)

asyncio.run(main())
```
- Get the `wildcard[0]` for the best match.

## booru.resolve()
You will need this for every object, this library designed to be neat and clean returns, although it must be reparsed to the string first, that's why `booru.resolve()` exist.

## Documentation
The documentation can be found https://sinkaroid.github.io/booru

## Legal
This tool can be freely copied, modified, altered, distributed without any attribution whatsoever. However, if you feel
like this tool deserves an attribution, mention it. It won't hurt anybody
> Licence: WTF.
